cv-by-jd.com
LoopCV


Video 1 : Viabhav Sisinty
4 stages:
#1 Step 1:
Perplexity - comet browser
Give prompt while open the linkedin. The it give youthe o/p.
#2 Step 2: (ATS)
Gemini (thinking model):
Canvas - Add JD 
Paste profile summary. Customize resume using latex. 
-Format to fit on a single page. ATS friendly.
#3 step3 - Write cover letter to people. 
#4 Step 4 - Notebook LM: for interview preprations



Video 2 : Viabhav Sisinty with Raj Shamani (Need to watch the full Podcast)
Indeed with claude
1. Claude connector - indeed
2. write the prompt using coment and find the job in linkedin and other platforms. 
3. generate coverletter , cold emails
4. Perplexity computer


Video 3: manish Career talk
1. Claude Extesion
2. Claude profile - Cladue in Chrome - allow extension (Need upgrade plan)
3. Write the prompt at naukri. 
4. Add additional condition in the prompt: last 25 hours. 
{Claude can apply also}


Video 4:  Career Talk
1. Linkedin and Resume aligned
2. Open to work on linkedin with recuiretor only mode on. 
3. Use claude for search the Jobs.
4. Daily breifing and Daily summary of their Job Inndustry using the claude
5. Preparing the AI agent for Interviews. 
6. Built hosted Enterpise Grad RAG application on Hugging-face.


Video 5: WsCubeTalk:
1. Create profile in Indeed.
2. Create Profile and update the CV.
3. Claude -> connector Add Indeed.
4. Write the prompt: Give me list of the companies based on Noida,Delhi,.... {use indeed connector} based on my resume.


Video 6: Chandu's World
1. Download Claude Desktop application
2. Connectors- Add connector - Appify MCP server. 
3. Go to Apify and genertae token that share with claude. 
4. Add the token in the Claude. 
5. Attach Resume - prompt : My resume is attached. Go to Linkeding uisng Apify adn give me 20 jobs that has posted n the past 24 hours for the role of MERN developer In NOida in an excel sheet. 


Video 7: Chandu's World -  Claude AI for Job Application: LinkedIn Profile Optimization (PDF Method)

Video 8: 5 New AI Job-Seeker Tools You Won't Believe Exist! (tech With Lucy)
Final Round
Teal - Centralized apps in 1 place. 
Hubspot
cleve.ai

Video 9: 


#TODO:
Update Naukri profile
Update foundit profile 
Update Indeed profile.

Video 9: (how to learn ANYTHING faster than anyone) by GIGL
1. Accelater Cycle time - jaldi-2 fail ho aur apne failure se sikho. 
2. Learn from experts
3. Manical Sense of Urgency - Extreme sense of Urgency (Joh bhi karna hai voh abhi karna hai)
4. Simplyfy Everything - 80-20 principle
5. Question Every requirement- har cheej ko galat mano jab tak prove na kiya jaye. 


Video 10: 7 AI Job Search Hacks You need to know...
1. Find the ATS free : jobscan.co
2. Missing keyword : Jobalytics - Resume Keyword Analyser
3. Tailure resume accrding to JD -  
4. Word Ware
5. 